Mention Warning[]= that can be used to suppress the deprecation warnings (#2324)
ruby/www.ruby-lang.org: en/news/_posts/2019-12-12-separation-of-positional-and-keyword-arguments-in-ruby-3-0.md

## Acknowledgment

This article was kindly reviewed (or even co-authored) by Jeremy Evans and Benoit Daloze.

> ## ChangeLog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## History
```

> * 23rd Dec. 2019: In 2.7.0-rc2, the warning message was slightly changed, and an API to suppress the warnings was added

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated 2019-12-23: In 2.7.0-rc2, the warning message was slightly changed, and an API to suppress the warnings was added.
```
